Information about Coding Problem Solution

David Romero Puyal
davidrompuy99@gmail.com
679034125

Python version: 3.9.10 

Information about Solution_Final.py
Solution_Final reads a txt data file with information about plateau size, rovers orientations and rovers instructions, and
print the final orientation and coordinates about every rover in a txt solution file.
    1st. Read the data file input txt with the information.
        1st Line = Plateu xmax and ymax (Integer Integer). 
        2nd Line = rover1 orientation (Integer Integer Caracter)
        3rd Line = rover1 instructions (String)
        .....
        (2 lines for each rover)
        The solution make sure that the plateu size are integers, the instructions are only R, M or L.
        and the lines of data input file are correct.
    2nd. Calculate number of rovers.
        Depending on data input txt file length. 
        The solution make sure that the lines of data input file are correct.
    3rd. Calculate the final position and orientation of each rover and save it in a txt solution file.
        This is made sequentially: Once the position and orienteation of rover 1 is calculated and saved, 
        the program starts with rover 2.
    The program contemplates:
        Plateau coordinates are integers.
        Instructions only are M (Move) R (Rotate Right) L (Rotate Left).
        The rover does not pass the limits of plateau.
        How many rovers are (1 line of plateau side + 2 lines per rover)
        The rovers instructions and orientations can be in lower case.

Information about Tests.py
    Using unittest, it is verified that the program works correctly in some critical conditions.
    There are 7 tests:
        1st. Rotate Left.
        2nd. Rotate Right.
        3rd and 4th. Move rover.
        5th. Calculate the number of rovers.
        6th and 7th. Using another input data file (Problems/data1 and Problems/data2), calculate the final positions
                     of the rovers, save them in another solution file (Problems/solution1 and Problems/solution2) and 
                     compare the solution files with the expected solution files. (Problems/expectedsolution1 and 
                     Problems/expectedsolution2)
        


            
